# Weekly update for: 01-08-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@steff456** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give üôå**
- Everyone for giving me queues in how to start!

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I worked towards setting my local dev environment
- i started checking some questions related to https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/133

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with üôè**
- I had a hard time figuring out actual tasks to start working on üòÖ

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here!

**Important items for discussion üí¨**
- I created this spreadsheet (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yaWY--2zBi7KqPAnMMbJp_aVXFFT8sBDdci8UfpKjO4/edit?usp=sharing) with @isabela-pf to start creating audit tasks than later will convert in issues for the theming work 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give üôå**
- @steff456's energy is lovely! I appreciate her drive to tackle a task.
- @gabalafou has been working to coordinate us all, and I appreciate the effort!
- I've heard positive feedback about @tonyfast's onboarding of our team members, so I want to give kudos there!

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- #146. STScI User testing outreach begins. We have the go ahead, so we're getting people scheduled, writing recording consent forms, scheduling a test run, and generally getting things finalized for the first round of tests.
- #133. Theme status. Still nothing much to report. I just barely got to start experimenting with some of the non-color changes, but I can't decide if it's better to try and iterate via the inspector even though my CSS knowledge is pretty basic and I may be slow.
- I've been really slow.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with üôè**
- @gabalafou suggested we discuss the [draft theming checklist](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/accessibility/pull/9/commits/76965844bc0af393939856ef08ac40af57a1b361), but it could be in another meeting.
- Any feedback on the issues for STScI work (made per request)? Is this what was needed? #143,  #146,  #147, #148. 

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be out of office on July 29.

**Important items for discussion üí¨**
- I think I don't have anything now. I hope this meeting helps be iron out everyone's current work in relation to each other. 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give üôå**
- Thanks to @isabela-pf for always showing up, asking good questions, leading calls in the Jupyter community. I'm not sure I could do it.
- Thanks to @steff456 for being flexible in scheduling calls and bringing good energy :)
 
**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Spent time pairing with Stephannie.
- Spent time reviewing and understanding Isabela's work curating/scoping theme extension work.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with üôè**
- I cannot adequately review/respond to [Isabela's theme work](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/133#issuecomment-1171823501) on my own. I think this is a whole-team thing.

**My availability for next week**
- Here

**Important items for discussion üí¨**
- Review my priorities with team. I have a lot more time to work on the grant. This is for the next few weeks:
  - testing: [the testing tasks I want to finish up](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/140), unifying my/Tania's work with Tony's
  - theme extension: wherever I can be helpful
  - implementing accessibility fixes (with accompanying tests) directly in JupyterLab (or Lumino) - for example, removing tab traps
  - continue to help onboarding Stephannie and Kulsoom
  - for later: pydata-sphinx-theme pa11y work
- Isabela's [accessible theme curation/scoping](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/133#issuecomment-1171823501)
- Tania, please repeat: what does a good github/workflow look like in your mind for jupyter-a11y-testing? compared against the workflow we have now:

```yml
name: a11y tests

on: [workflow_dispatch, push, pull_request]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2 
        name: Fetch all history for all tags and branches
        with:
          fetch-depth: 0
      - name: Set up Python
        uses: actions/setup-python@v3
        with:
          python-version: 3.9
      - uses: conda-incubator/setup-miniconda@v2
        with:
          auto-activate-base: true
          activate-environment: ""
      - name: install development dependencies
        run: python -m pip install -e .
      - name: list jupyter build tasks
        run: python -m jupyter_accessibility -i jupyterlab -- list
          
      - name: establish the runtime systems for the builds
        run: python -m jupyter_accessibility -i jupyterlab -- env
      - name: setup the development content for building
        run: python -m jupyter_accessibility -i jupyterlab -- setup
      - name: setup the testing environments
        run: python -m jupyter_accessibility -i jupyterlab -- test_setup
      - name: run tests against the build
        run: python -m jupyter_accessibility -i jupyterlab -- test
      - name: upload testing results
        uses: actions/upload-artifact@v3
        with:
          name: a11y-test-results
          path: |
            jupyter-ally-build/jupyter-axe/test-results/*.html
            jupyter-ally-build/jupyter-axe/test-results/**/*.html
            jupyter-ally-build/jupyter-axe/test-results/*.json
            jupyter-ally-build/jupyter-axe/test-results/**/*.json
``` 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 Notes! (I will be editing and adding as I go.)

- Stephannie: 
     - still looking for clarity around the tasks she can jump in on. Most of the confusion is around what the testing tasks includes.
     - Has made the decision to further split up the theming review work and start going.
     - There are scoping questions. ie. how does/does code mirror reflow as a part of this, or even is this even an extension-possible change? We need to discuss this for many points, but will postpone until Monday meeting in favor of updates.
     - Is this too big a scope still?
     - What's the timeline for this now?
- Isabela
     - Theming work going slow, and it seems like we really need to agree on things because I keep having the same conversation on loop with different people.
     - STScI stuff is moving. Give the issues a look if you have time.
     - Excited we'll be talking theme stuff on Monday!
- Gabriel
     - Jumping back in with more time, what are first priorities. 
     - Of the list above. Also mention of onboarding as another first priority. Does documentation fit, or not yet?
     - Will work on these tasks in sequence, not all at once.
- Tony
     - Offering to answer any questions
     - Also unclear on current role.
     - "ive done some [prior work on themes extensions]( https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/pull/1)"
- Kulsoom
     - Has been reading WCAG, but it's all abstract! It's hard to wrap your head around 
     - Has been familiarizing herself with types of disabilities
     - ARIA, reviewing other accessibility primer things
     - Getting all-around familiarized! üéâ 
- Not person-dependent
     - There is expectation that the checklist will take a whole hour to talk about; there's a lot of questions people have.
     - Isabela needs to clarify the theming workflow. It sounds like people aren't understanding what the checklist does, how it has been used, specific tests tied to the checklist, and how the checklist moves to implementation. 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 Possible discussions for Monday:

- Stephannie is a little unclear about the priorities of the grant. Question: where do we want JupyterLab to be at the end of the grant?
- What timeline are we currently working in?
- Team review for:
   - https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/133

Gabriel to review STSci related issues in GitHub for missing context. 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/149>

