# Weekly update for: 01-05-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌** 

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**

- #184 I am now in the process of scheduling sessions and experiencing the magic of electronic-mail.
- #147 (and also #18) I made significant progress writing up and coordinating with other team members on this write up. Because we need another round of review to make sure everything is proper for being public, I wouldn't expect a PR of this until end of next week or beginning of the following week though.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't have anything right now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be out of office May 2 and 3. 

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I don't have full information on the paperwork process needed for paying testing session participants. I'd like to clarify some things. 
---

- **@steff456** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- @gabalafou for reviewing the Github Light theme PR

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**

**Theme extension**
- Merged https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/pull/46
- Ready for review https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/pull/49
- Work in progress for Github dark

**Documentation**
- Opened https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/126/

**Jupytercon**
- Started working on the Jupytercon presentation - I’m basing it in https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L0JrMVcIAtWW-d4mdncHmbXB9ZsPS1Q-Ttbn8YcMPYA/edit
- Brainstormed about the sprint

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I'm ok

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be travelling to Paris on Thursday night - I'll work from the plane

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Is there a way to test how accessible a notebook is? - I'm thinking that the sprint may be more useful if we enable people to bring their own notebooks to make them more accessible. Then we can ask if we can publish some of their notebooks. 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- Just wanted to say thank you to everyone on the team for being so encouraging of my work, yall are wonderful :-D

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Out of draft mode, ready for review: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/14115
- Scaffold for dev-facing a11y docs: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/14426
- Reviewed: https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/pull/49

**My availability for next week**
- I've requested Friday, May 5 off 
---

- **@trallard** 

 @gabalafou 
	- is getting his PR out of draft
	- reviewing PRs and working on docs
	- hopefully will be able to make it to JupyterCon

---

@steff456 
	- GH light review needs @trallard review
	- working on the dark theme now
	- @trallard would like to explore alternatives to binder for the demo. Maybe Jupyterlite.
	- working on the JupyterCon presentation
	- @trallard needs to review the PR in jupyter/accessibility
	- for the a11y sprints how can we check a11y? 
	- @isabela-pf would be good to have the impact for each section (https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/blob/main/resources/event-hackathon/notebook-authoring-checklist.md) 
	- for sprints: help people clean up their notebooks & publish them - Q: where would we publish these notebooks? - jupyter examples, jupyter/accessibility

--- 

@isabela-pf 
	- started scheduling user testing with people
	- perhaps we can add a recruiting for user testing slide to our JupyterCon slides (registration form https://o4y6l78u5md.typeform.com/to/M9TYG8vb)
	- Isabela will let us know when she schedules tests so we can assist/watch
	- Made plenty of progress on the Space telescope write-up (still needs plenty of reviews)
	- @trallard will reach out to Katie to sort out compensation 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/210>

