# Weekly update for: 03-10-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@steff456** 

 **Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I worked in the new pygments package: https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/accessible-pygments
- Created an issue for adding the hamburger menu in Jupyterlab: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/13148

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I'm ok

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I don't have anything super important to discuss 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- #133 has [new mockups for 200% zoom behavior](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/issues/34#issuecomment-1262458172).
- #146 planning for next set of tests. I have a timeline for the end of the year and polishing the things that came from the last test into PR form.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I think I'm okay right now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week. 

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Eventually the new mockups, but I think that doesn't fit as well in an update-focused meeting. 
---

- **@trallard** 

 - @steff456
  - working on pygments - some pygments working there already 🎉  needs some polishing and bits here and there
  - will then move onto the hamburger/ellipsis fix issues

---

- @gabalafou 
  - will be moving to Colombia next week - so timezones will be slightly different from usual
  - 🎉 got his `expect-axe-playwright` PR merged after a while
  - learned about `pa11y` + CI  

---

- @kulsoomzahra 
  - working on https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/issues/37
  - preparing for show and tell on Monday

--

- @isabela-pf 
  -  new suggestions for UI https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/issues/34#issuecomment-1262458172
  - Space telescope - planning new user testing at the end of the year (content focused)
  
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- @isabela-pf for organizing the vote to elect a representative from the Jupyter Accessibility Subproject to the Jupyter Software Steering Council.

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**

I made a mistake this week and thought, maybe I'll use Monday and Tuesday to clear some small tasks from my plate, and then those ended up just taking up all my time. So the following bullet points are things I've worked on that are accessibility-related but not directly related to accessibility in Jupyter.

- Good news: Finished upstreaming my changes to `expect-axe-playwright`. Bad news: not sure we'll use it, and it took too much of my time this week.
- https://github.com/Widen/expect-axe-playwright/pull/24. Finished this PR, which felt like doing a little bit of public service. The aim here was to prevent unintentionally spreading the idea among developers that there's an automated tool out there that can stamp your page or app as "accessible" or not.
- https://github.com/Widen/expect-axe-playwright/pull/23. Finished this PR. It will allow us to stop using my fork of expect-axe-playwright. 
- https://github.com/Quansight/Quansight-website/pull/262. Worked some more on adding Pa11y-CI to the Quansight website. Discovered more obstacles, specifically the default configuration for Axe flags a bunch of elements on the site for contrast that might not have contrast issues. These elements either have a background image or otherwise overlap some other element, and for some reason, that makes Axe incapable of ascertaining the foreground/background contrast ratio. So I'm going to have to hide a bunch of elements during testing in order to get the site to pass the CI/CD run or figure out a way to configure Axe differently.

**My availability for next week**
- I am taking Monday off. 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/160>

