# Weekly update for: 05-06-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- I'd like to give thanks to Tania for all the behind-the-scenes work in putting the accessibility team together.
- I'd also like to give thanks to Isabela for listening to and answering my questions on Monday's call.

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I worked towards deliverable: https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/199
  - Draft PR: https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-testing/pull/33
  - I'm working on a PR for Lumino (not up yet) to fix an issue in the Lumino menubar that causes the test to fail (there are a couple different ways to move focus away from the menubar without the focus styling changing)
- I've watched recordings for a number of [Phosphor mentor sessions from 2019](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFx5GKe0BTjQyCKtiK9TI-ekSuSn_8a3J): 
  - [x] 2019.02.08 
  - [x] 2019.02.15
  - [x] 2019.03.22
  - [x] 2019.05.17
  - [x] 2019.07.29 - interesting tidbit at 42:15, Chris talks about how the menubar is not ARIA conformant because of the exact focus issue that I'm working on right now:
  > "by the ARIA standard what should be happening is these particular items, menu items, should be gaining focus as we're moving up and down but instead we're tagging them with a p-mod-active attribute. And there were some subtle focus handling issues that made it really difficult to do that, to basically make each individual menu item focusable, and still have clean event handling when we do this because focus events don't propagate the same way on all platforms, so that's something we'll have to go back and look at"
  - [x] 2019.08.05 - menu accessibility and focus discussed at 53:25. Important note: Chris said fixing the focus issue would be harding the Menu class than in the MenuBar class. (I'm not sure why yet.)

I plan to also watch the videos that cover the following: Widget class (part 2), FocusTracker, TabBar. 

Before the end of this week, before Camp Quansight, I would like to accomplish the following goals:

- [ ] Check on all of the open PRs tagged as accessibility in [Lumino](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3Aaccessibility) and [JupyterLab](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3Atag%3AAccessibility):
  - [x] jupyterlab/lumino#590 - got reviewed in yesterday's accessibility call, Mike also left review comments
  - [x] jupyterlab/lumino#477 - I left a comment for the author asking if I could take over the PR (nothing has happened since January)
  - [ ] jupyterlab/jupyterlab#14597
  - [ ] jupyterlab/jupyterlab#14575
  - [ ] jupyterlab/jupyterlab#14421
  - [ ] jupyterlab/jupyterlab#14320
  - [ ] jupyterlab/jupyterlab#14115
  - [ ] jupyterlab/jupyterlab#14626
- [ ] (Stretch goal) Submit PR to fix Lumino menubar focus issue


**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I'm okay.

**My availability for next week**
- Camp Quansight

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Camp Quansight accessibility reference notebook sprint? What should we name the notebook? Where should it live? I'm thinking [jupyter/accessibility](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility). 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌** 

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**

- I've had to spend more time on other projects this week, so I haven't completed anything substantial for this one this week. I commented on the Notebook 7 release discussion per request.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't have anything right now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week.

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I don't think I have anything right now. 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/215>

