# Weekly update for: 05-11-2021

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@gabalafou**

 **Thanks I'd like to give üôå**
- I gave my high-fives in 15five, but I'll reiterate how grateful I am that yall got me into the conference. It has been incredibly useful, I'm looking forward to Friday's Part 2.

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Attended Web Directions accessibility conference: https://webdirections.org/aaa/schedule.php
- Lots of reading: specs (WCAG, ARIA), videos, blogs
- Set up JupyterLab dev environment

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with üôè**
- Not sure I have anything for this section yet

**My availability for next week**
- Attending 2nd day of the two-day Web Directions accessibility conference on Friday, November 5
- I'm still figuring out how to divvy up my hours, but I have roughly two days per week to work on JupyterLab. Maybe that will look like two days back-to-back (e.g. Wed, Thurs), maybe two days spaced apart (e.g. Monday, Wed), or maybe something like 3.5 hrs every Mon-Thurs, with 2 hours on Friday. Suggestions welcome!
---

- **@trallard**

 **Thanks I'd like to give üôå**
- @tonyfast  and @isabela-pf  for helping with Gabriel's onboarding

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Created the GH project
- Moved all our deliverables into GH issues and tasks
- Slides and presentation at CZI EOSS Summit

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with üôè**
-  None right now

**My availability for next week**
- I will be around all week

---

- **@isabela-pf**

 **Thanks I'd like to give üôå**
- Thanks for y'all's patience while I juggle projects to get the [JupyterLab accessibility project](https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1) back to a point where we can make a more formal roadmap from it.

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Made slides and recorded presentation at CZI EOSS Summit.
- Making sure Gabriel is up-to-date and gets questions answered.
- Followed up with our Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) contact about collaborating on future work (possibly testing). We will be checking in in January and until then I'm going to make a list of possible topics for us to work together on.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with üôè**
- None right now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here every day next week üòé


---

##  Notes from November 4 meeting:

Agenda:

* start collaborative roadmap on hackmd
    - Tony to create branch, make [hackmd](https://hackmd.io/@tonyfast/Sy2PNiZDY), build it in the docs
    - Copy over things from this repo's project
    - Format based on examples #2
    - This is one of Isabela's first priorities for this project, so she'll be working on this end of this week beginning of next
* early takes on jupyter community and software
    - So much information and so much to take in, but also getting together.
    - Great landscape of info, just not a clear picture yet.
* (gab) direction for me before next week's team update
    - start automated accessibility testing work in galata
    - Questions that will come up:
        - where to make the change
        - where it gets run in CI (will be costly)
        - what the testing happens on
        - what frequency will it be run
    - Gabriel to familiarize with the framework and see what is feasible from WCAG to fit in the testing framework (like [jupyterlab/jupyterlab #9742](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9742))
    - Maybe test on notebook, application level, and ??? various levels of testing.
* Isabela to a) focus on roadmap b) update the [jupyterlab/jupyterlab accessibility project](https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1) c) follow up on community questions in [jupyterlab/accessibilty notes](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/62) d) submit a PR for code of conduct based on #40
* retro plans
    - Tony checking in on where <divs> might be able to be swapped with appropriate groups to increase navigability with simple(ish) changes

---

- **@gabalafou**

 Highest priority for Isabela. Frame roadmap in a way to invite people in

---

:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/42>
