# Weekly update for: 06-05-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ**
- Thanks to @isabela-pf for the really great work with mapping tests to WCAG guidelines and coming up with test scripts
- Thanks to @tonyfast for setting up Doit and handing off the code to me so I could learn from it
- Thanks to @trallard for helping to reduce complexity with Gitpod

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I have been diving into the guts of Playwright and Galata to clear away issues we will have when installing them into a dedicated environment (Gitpod)

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- I REALLY want to get up a PR agains jupyter/accessibility repo that allows the axe-core tests to run in a Gitpod environment. I'm worried about being blocked on this. Should I work in parallel on my own Gitpod account?

**My availability for next week**
- Available all next week

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- [Front-end coding JupyterLab a11y internship](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/internship-2022/issues/5). Melissa said that she has a lot of intern applications interested in front end. She asked me if I would be interested in taking on 2 interns. I'm hesitant to take on more than one, but I wanted to us to chat and see if there's maybe a creative solution here that I'm not thinking of myself.
- Our Monday meeting time? Check in. Is it a good time? Does anybody want to move it?
- Maybe some shift left discussion about what we're building right now and how we imagine people interacting with it. Some things that came out of conversation with Martha in yesterday's accessibility meeting: 
  - Document, document, document! 
  - How would a developer add an a11y test and then run it? How do we want that to look? What makes sense? 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ**
- Thank you to you all for good feedback on #95!

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- #95. I'm working on an updated version of the testing scripts based on y'all's feedback. It will be posted in that issue, but it's not totally polished as of writing this.
- #3. I also started turning some of the [brainstorm event ideas](https://github.com/isabela-pf/a11y-events/issues/4) into agendas. Nothing to show yet, but that's a next step I'm taking because I think it will be easy to critique agendas.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- Nothing unusual, thanks for asking.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week.

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- I briefly talked with @gabalafou about #3 and he mentioned he wanted to bring the discussion to you all. The main thoughts were
     - Are events really outreach to the communities we currently fail to engage (they aren't as they are now), as mentioned in the issue?
     - What are ways to meet disability and/or accessibility communities where they are at (with the resources we have)? 
---

- **@trallard** 

 - @gabalafou 
  - @trallard will finish the Gitpod implementation 
  - ðŸ”¥ install playwright from npm 
  - ðŸ’¬ Maybe some shift left discussion about what we're building right now and how we imagine people interacting with it. 
  
- @isabela-pf 
  - to tag us when we need to review the automated testing steps
  - @trallard to discuss sprints and events
  - how to engage better and bring folks -> wider community scientific ecosystem 
 
  

---

### Misc and TODOs 

- [ ] all to review and comment on #3 
- Inspiration for playbook https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way
- âœ…  Resolved: we will have 1-2 weeks doc/writing/planning in between doathon
 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/101>

