# Weekly update for: 06-02-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@steff456** 

 **Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I did some maintenance stuff in `accessibility-pygments`
   - I added Tania as maintainer to PyPI and conda-forge 
- I continue doing the collapse menu work
   - Darian already approved the PR - he found two bugs, one that's not related to my PR and other one that is. So I'm working right now in finding that bug
   - I already added an optional flag for downstream libraries to decide if they want to use the collapse menu or not. 

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- I'm trying to find the source of the bug ðŸ˜…

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- I don't have anything for today (: 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ**

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- #192 Updated test notebook and opened [PR to add notebook to the testing repo](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/JupyterLab-user-testing/pull/1). I imagine this needs to go somewhere more specific or to a different branch, but I figured it's a start. 
- #184 draft is still not done. ðŸ˜¦ End-of-week remains my goal timeline.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- I don't think I have anything now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week. I've been a bit occupied with another project, though, and that may continue needing some extra focus.

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- I don't think I have anything right now. 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ**
- Thank you all for your patience with me as I get better.

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Staying alive. Nothing new for me since our last team update. I've been heads down on the Quansight website and Quansight Labs annual report.

**My availability for next week**
- Here

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- How much effort should go into accessibility fixes in future releases of 3 versus 4? Context: [JupyterLab 3.6.0rc1 - style changes #13870](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/13870). 
---

- **@trallard** 

 @gabalafou 
	- He is still alive after being super sick ðŸ˜· 
	- Planning to work on the `tab trap` doc for the accessibility meeting
	- when do JLab sunset or stop maintaining previous versions?
	- Focus on a11y work on `master` (which is 4.x now)

@isabela-pf 
	- @trallard to review https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/JupyterLab-user-testing/pull/1
	- Places where we cannot pay people: India, Estonia, and most of LatAm so we can start recruiting testers

@steff456 
	- maintenance in our pygments repo
	- ðŸ”  menu is moving forward -> tests + bug squashing needed
	- next: pygments fixes 
	- need to improve the highlight colours further so that they are WCAG conformant https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/#contrast-minimum

 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 Related to question of focus for accessibility fixes and versions.
* [JupyterLab releases](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/releases)
* [jupyterlab/jupyterlab #12397 Add version support timelines to documentation](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/12397) 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/193>

