# Weekly update for: 07-11-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ**

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**

My only big update is: 
- #146 test 1's [resources and results PR](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/pull/26) is ready for review and/or merging!

Some smaller updates:
- #133 has another issue comment summarizing feedback at [jupyterlab/jupyterlab #10004](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/10004#issuecomment-1294206487).
- [accessible-pygments blog post](https://github.com/quansight/quansight-website/pull/527) updates based on feedback.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- I'm okay.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be out on November 4. 

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- I don't think I have anything right now.  
---

- **@steff456** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ**
- @isabela-pf for taking care of the blog post improvements ðŸ™

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I researched about JupyterLab themes extensions and we should be able to have one extension with multiple themes. Mike told me if it doesn't work, then it is a bug that maybe we need to solve in JupyterLab, we will figure it out once I start to mix it up with more than one theme.
- I'm working in finishing the last themes for `accessible-pygments`, once I finish this I'll make another release.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- I'm ok, just having a slow week

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here!

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- I don't have anything for today :) 
---

- **@trallard** 

 @steff456 
	- working on JupyterLab extensions work
	- finalising the accessible pygments work and making another release
	- will be working on the hamburger menu next https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/13148

--- 

@gabalafou 
	- showed some demos on focus visible indicator tests w/playwright
	  - next on working items (tests + fixes) 	
	- where are my tab trap fixes? -> next on queue
	- will finish WIP PR for testing suite

---

@isabela-pf 
	- any takers to review this https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/146 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/166>

