# Weekly update for: 13-03-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- #184 Updated the interest form, updated existing scheduling emails, created additional scheduling emails related to our testing limitations. 
- Notebook authoring tips slides and review checklist drafts continue.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't think I have anything now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week.

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I don't think I have anything now. 
---

- **@steff456** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- Thanks @isabela-pf and @gabalafou for reviewing the GSoD proposal

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Google Season of Docs proposal - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gbPzQuVGa2eIeK6T4eNaxoW4qK9XXg9MSOVoHh_AGlo/edit
   - On Monday we had a nice session on reviewing the first draft of the proposal
   - I made some adjustments
   - Mentioned it in the team meeting and added a comment with the scope in the team compass issue. 
- Theming extension
   - I'm working on understanding how a theming extension works
   - For pitaya smoothie, should I add it to the extension or should I update the existent extension? 

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I'm ok!

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I don't have anything for today 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Responded to feedback on https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/13577. It's very close now to being merged for v4. We are just working on one concern about the `Backspace` keyboard shortcut.
- Put up draft PR of jupyterlab/jupyterlab#14115. Should be able to convert from draft to "ready to review" by end of day.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- Things are okay.

**My availability for next week**
- Here! 
---

- **@trallard** 

 📝 Issue for GSoD https://github.com/jupyterlab/team-compass/issues/179 
- accessibility funding docs: https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/tree/main/docs/funding 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 Stephannie

- Working on google summer of docs proposal, waiting on review from gabriel, and waiting to hear if anyone else in the JupyterLab community wants to submit a proposal. Will have to figure out later where to put the proposal (JupyterLab team compass?). Isabela suggests it should go in Jupyter accessibility team compass repo.
- working on theming extension

Isabela

- Working on and tweaking recruiting machinery for testers (interest form, emails, etc)
- GDPR Q&A, consent must be explicit
- Notebook authoring event tomorrow/Friday 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 Gabriel

- Responding to feedback on focus PR, no major issues foreseen. Yay! 
- Turning tab trap PR into review-ready. Doing self-review and fixing issues already uncovered.
- Getting ready to switch back to accessibility testing mode! 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/201>

