# Weekly update for: 13-02-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@steff456** 

 **Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I worked in the hamburger menu
    - Fixed the bug of the double menu ðŸŽ‰
    - Now working on the actual tests ðŸŽ‰ 
- I'm doing maintenance work in accessible-pygments
    - I realized that I need to update the docs and readme before doing the release, if not it will be broken on the main PyPI site 

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- I'm ok!

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- Do we want to send a talk to scipy? 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ**

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- #184 draft is still not done. ðŸ˜¦ I have time today and tomorrow booked for it.
- First draft of accessible notebook authoring recommendations (based on STScI testing). It's not public yet, but I can check if I can get you a draft link.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- I don't think I have anything now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be out of office on the 10th. 

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- I don't think I have anything right now. 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ**
- Thank you all for talking with me and bouncing ideas!

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Fixed a nasty merge conflict to update my open PR on jupyterlab repo: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/13577
- I think I found a way to get past what was blocking me on https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/168. See important discussion below.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- Just tab traps, and you are all helping me by talking through it with me.

**My availability for next week**
- ðŸŽ­ I'll be off one week for Carnaval! Wednesday, February 15 through Wednesday, February 22. So last day I will be in office is on Tuesday, February 14. Then out. Then back in office on Thursday, February 23. It's on the calendar (I just double checked).

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- How to bump my one open JupyterLab PR for attention? https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/13577
- What to do with https://github.com/gabalafou/jupyterlab/pull/18? This PR is currently on my fork, but I want to put it on JupyterLab, but it might break things. 
---

- **@trallard** 

 @isabela-pf 
	- Isabela - will work on the test scripts tomorrow
	- notebook authoring recommendations STScI will be in their repository - complimentary to their style guide (if possible - can you share, please?)
	- @gabalafou are we thinking of adding this to JLab? -> maybe at Jupyter-level docs since people use and write notebooks in many contexts -> ideally somewhere with high visibility/discoverability

--- 

@gabalafou 
	- ðŸŽ‰ managed to solve a horrendous merge conflict on his opened Focus PR ðŸŽ‰ 
	-  Conclusions from the a11y call and the Shortcuts discussion -> this is a mess y'all!
	- Tab trap world problem:
		- Best UX - wherever you are on the notebook, the keyboard shortcuts should still work
		- Issue - if any widget inside the notebook uses any of the same shortcuts as the notebook, this gets overshadowed by the notebook-level shortcuts  	
	- Will be sharing his PR https://github.com/gabalafou/jupyterlab/pull/18 soon
	- small discussion on whether the cells should be tab focusable -> Gabriel proposes having only one cell focusable at a time
	- ðŸ’¡ command palette focus and up/down

---

@steff456 
	- fix pygments today/tomorrow
	- and finish the hamburger menu 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/194>

