# Weekly update for: 15-04-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Started #93. [PR for event resource templates on my working, non-project specific repo](https://github.com/isabela-pf/a11y-events/pull/5). Right now I am putting in my generalized resources I've been developing them here so they can be edited publicly before contributing a more project-specific set to Jupyter.
- Started #95. I have a [work in progress spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mUmZevaEI1HwZQ0uF5Rjhb9mGEJ71RAkjj-Lxr3sLZw/edit?usp=sharing) to track what tests we can get from and which WCAG standards don't seem relevant to JupyterLab at all (for example, video captions). This is the list I'll then help prioritize and figure out a list of JupyterLab configurations we'll want to set up for testing. I also checked in with Gabriel about what [axe-core](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core/blob/develop/doc/rule-descriptions.md#wcag-21-level-a--aa-rules) brings us since that's what has been in use so far.
- Followed up on #3. I now have an issue (on the previously mentioned a11y-events repo, but I'm happy to move it here if wanted) to list [some of the ideas for future contributing events](https://github.com/isabela-pf/a11y-events/issues/4). Please add to it if you have ideas!
-  Followed up on the Jupyter governance discussion. Since it came up at the last JupyterLab accessibility meeting, there is now a [voting issue to determine where jupyter/accessibility will be within Jupyter governance](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/81) (at least for now).
- Followed up on a community lead hoping to get feedback on JupyterLab accessibility fixes thus far. Nothing to show there yet.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- Nothing comes to mind immediately.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be out of office on April 15.

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- We have a new [PR for the jupyter/accessibility contributing guide](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/82/files). I'm going to review it, but I'd appreciate review from at least one other person.
- I'm not sure what a normal request for decision timeline is, but I think we should check in about @gabalafou's [testing summary](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/97). 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- @tonyfast for listening and giving me advice on next steps with my JupyterLab PR

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Updated my [checkboxes PR](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/12299) with screen shots showing cross-platform compatibility
- Tried to fix merge conflict on that PR but ran into issue with git hook. Sent [message on Gitter](https://gitter.im/jupyterlab/jupyterlab?at=62570142161ffc40d700bca1); waiting for reply.
- Had chats with Isabela and Tony re: axe-core
- Wrote an ["RFD"](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/97) (in scarequotes because I don't think it's _reallly_ a RFD)

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- Challenge: My checkboxes PR is not getting any movement on it. But I'm not sure I want assistance yet. Tony suggested that I ping a few people when it's ready. However, question for the group: should I raise an issue like "I'm having trouble with git hooks in the team meeting?" That meeting is big and busy, so I'm a little unsure if "help me on this potentially newb issue" is appropriate or not.
 
**My availability for next week**
- I'm available all next week, but taking three days the week after that (April 27-29)

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- My  [RFD](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/97) 
---

- **@tonyfast** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- @gabalafou for his patience working through testing stuff.

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I worked towards deliverable: https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/92

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I had a hard time figuring playwright in conda
 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 Action item from above:
- [ ] Think about way to avoid recurring pitfall (npx playwright vs conda playwright) 
---

- **@trallard** 

 - @isabela-pf 
    1. Thanks for opening the jupyter/accessibility voting issue https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/81
    Side note - maybe for future voting things, we can use the new polls on GH discussions https://github.blog/2022-04-12-whats-new-in-github-discussions-organization-discussions-polls-and-more/
    2. #95 started - can you please link to the spreadsheet there?
 - @gabalafou 
  1. RFD deadline for comments & decision 19-04-2022 https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/97
 - @tonyfast :
 	1. Working on #92 🎉  - got past the weird conda env and playwright issues
 	2. Need to find a way to add decorators instead of the current templating -> separating concerns Python vs node
 	🔑 learnings -  if you have two different versions of JLab you only need to run the playwright tasks in the correct environment, and it should work across multiple JLab/retroLab versions
 	
 @tonyfast  and @gabalafou  will work on unifying their POCs in the upcoming weeks 🌱 

 ### RFD 
 - Can be found in: #97 	
 	
 ---
 
  ### Up for grabs tasks 🤚🏽
  - [ ] Review https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/82/files
   
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/98>

