# Weekly update for: 17-02-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf**

Thanks I'd like to give 🙌

@gabalafou thank you for saying nice things. I keep nice comments for the future.
@tonyfast thank you listening to me.
@trallard thank you for always sharing your ample knowledge.
Updates from last week ✔️

Trying to come up with a simple fix for a Jupyter.org contrast discussion since this issue was started/linked to things that came out of my last color PR to JLab. It seems in good faith to propose a solution.
Made issues on jupyter/accessibility to get clarity on how to approach some of my next steps. Roadmap placement issue, JLab accessibility meeting notes issue. Once we have agreement on where things go, I can make PRs.
Created issue for feedback on removing command palette button styling per my last contrast PR.
Sketches for JupyterLab theme editor. I want to have a few proposals in mind before I make the issue so that I have ideas to share and help scope the discussion. I'm hoping to get this started before the next Jupyter accessibility workshops, but I'm feeling less certain I will make it.
Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏

Don't know when you want to post the roadmap announcement on the Labs blog, but it is ready when you are (minus a possible publishing date edit). Blog post PR.
My availability for next week

I'll be out of office on the 25 and 28.

:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/83>