# Weekly update for: 18-11-2021

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- 🌻 

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Shared draft roadmap with JupyterLab accessibility meeting attendees to ask what other feedback they'd want from the document (feedback listed on #60). I'm planning to ask a few other community meetings I go to as well.
- [Drafted a blog post for announcing the roadmap](https://hackmd.io/CKwUFHhhSuq7h2RdprJD1Q). This and some other thoughts can be found on #36.
- Made a fresh environment to start reviewing JupyterLab color contrast again. My initial impression is that most of the UI has the same successes and failures, but I have noticed a few UI changes with low contrast I'll need to add to the list.
- Added `In Progress` and `Needs Review` columns to the [JupyterLab accessibility project](https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1). I hope this a) helps you all feel more clear about the status of items on the list and b) makes it clear for people wanting to review how they can join.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I'm okay, thanks!

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be around until Wednesday next week.  
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- Tony helped me out on Friday with setting up my environment for Galata testing—and this was after waking up super early for Qhub's standup and slogging through a ton of meetings. He also showed me how to sleuth around Github actions to figure how things like tests should run.
- Isabela helped orient me in Figma
- Tania showed me her Github tricks for finding issues and learning more about them

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Not too much tangible yet. I'm still sponge-digesting the testing ecosystem in JupyterLab
- Re:testing. I contacted folks in gitter/jupyterlab and they had some ideas about why some of the playwright/galata/browser tests were failing. At least one of the failure reasons could potentially be an early PR for me—specifically, at least one of the tests was comparing screenshots that covered more area of the UI than they need to compare for the test.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- Somehow I totally missed this comment: https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/34#issuecomment-966541571
- Has anyone seen a good talk or blog post about how to think holistically about automated accessibility tests? There was one talk at the Web Directions conference about cross-screen reader testing but that's too specific and further in the future from where we are right now with a11y testing, I think
- I need to figure out how much time I should spend on updating docs (based on my experience setting up local environment for testing) versus plunging forward with https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/4
- Similarly, how much of my attention should be on the nitty-gritty technical aspects of this work versus some of the higher-level stuff, like looking at what's ahead on the roadmap, dreaming/brainstorming/thinking up pathways for contributors, making inroads to other organizations (OpenUI, for example), etc.
- Two things I'd like to discuss in our call:
    1. @bollwyvl's nice comment about [automated reporting of JupyterLab's a11y's issues](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9742#issuecomment-773782158) as it relates to [his months-long delayed PR to pydata-sphinx-theme](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/pull/294)
    2. Especially as it relates to communication, especially the risk in my mind of giving too much visibility and therefore priority to low-priority a11y issues over possibly higher priority ones
- I know this repo is public, but I'm going to write this here anyway. In the JupyterLab accessibility call, was it just me or did I notice a subtle negative reaction amongst the attendees at the moment that Isabela showed our [team compass web site](https://jupyter-a11y.netlify.app/)? I wasn't sure how to read what I was sensing, but it almost seemed to me that there was a feeling of unease that a11y-related stuff was happening outside of the Jupyter project's Github, was that it? If so, are there any action items for us?

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be out Thursday, November 25 (Thanksgiving) but only Thursday. 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/61>

