# Weekly update for: 20-01-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
I have thanks to give about the Jupyter accessibility workshops (as that swallows my time)!
- Thanks to @trallard for all the time and support with things I don't understand (like Hopin), especially since I know how many other commitments you have.
- Thanks to @tonyfast for giving the best feedback and running fun events. I really don't think I could do this without you.
- Thanks to @gabalafou for being calming and helping us test and moderate everything! There's a lot of things I would've missed if not for you.

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- It's still been (non-grant) workshop time for me. The second event is soon, and then we'll take a breather as I post the event recordings and such.
- Based on a discussion I had, I think I will be switching my focus to proposing some customizable changes to JupyterLab since my concrete changes have been slow and somewhat contested. For example, I'm thinking about spending time on proposing a JupyterLab theme editor experience because having that long term goal might help the community feel less restricted by the color changes I've been working on for meeting WCAG. Thoughts?

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't think I have anything right now. Thanks.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be out of office on Monday, January 24. But I'll be here the rest of the week. 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/73>

