# Weekly update for: 20-06-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@gabalafou** 

 I'm taking a break from grant work from this check-in to next check-in to work on the new Quansight website, specifically setting up GitHub workflows in the website repo to automate some of the quality assurance tasks (including some accessibility checks).

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Since the last check-in, I've spent most of my time [updating Tony's PR](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/90/commits/8f82d271288acd03e53d2101a3c0bce6544816fc)

**My availability for next week**
- Available all next week.

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Tony's "PRFD" pull request for discussion about [using JupyterLab cookie cutter to bundle Python and Node in a more jovyan way](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/accessibility/pull/8) 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**


**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Rendered notebook (like nbviewer) user testing script. Work in progress script focused on navigation and interaction feedback needs, as well as a collection of possible notebooks for testing. 
- Got feedback on some of the open PRs and the JupyterLab accessibility meeting. I need to make some changes based on the feedback.

(Isabela needs to make issues for this)

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I think I'm okay at the moment. Just scrambling through tasks.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be out of office June 16 to 24. 

**Important items for discussion 💬**
-  
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/138>

