# Weekly update for: 24-07-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ** 

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**

- #184 [I replied to more review](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/JupyterLab-user-testing/pull/10). There are still a few comments I need to address I think, but I'm not sure how I want to do it at the time of writing.
- #178 JupyterLab 3.4.4 [accessibility statement has a PR to the JupyterLab docs](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/14856). Thank you to @steff456 for giving this a look since I haven't had to add to JupyterLab docs so completely before.
- I presented on notebook authoring best practices. Happy to answer any questions about that if you have them.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- I don't have anything right now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week.

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- Are we planning to have a post-grant discussion to talk about what we think worked and what we might want to do differently in the future? 
---

- **@trallard** 

 > Are we planning to have a post-grant discussion to talk about what we think worked and what we might want to do differently in the future?

Yes we should, will only happen in August as we have now 2 weeks left to wrap up stuff 

Things that would be good to discuss while I am missing this:

1. How are we doing for deliverables? 
2. What help do you need from me?

From top of my head - @steff456  only straggling deliverable is getting the GH dark PR merged which is top of my TODO for tomorrow 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give ðŸ™Œ**
- @steff456 for agreeing to cross-check PR https://github.com/Quansight/peri-store-frontend/pull/62 with https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/issues/59
- @isabela-pf for talking and sharing at SciPy!

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Responding to review on https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/14115

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- I had a hard time figuring out why sidebars can be tabbed when installing Jupyter Lab (v4.0.3) via Conda but not when building source from latest `main` branch.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be off on Friday, July 28 through Monday, July 31 (four-day weekend) 
---

- **@steff456** 

 **Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Wrapped up the theme extension work:
    - Made changes to GH dark https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/pull/53 
    - Fix some issues in the `pyproject.toml` and readme - https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/pull/67
    - Made changes to Pitaya Smoothie and GH light themes - https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/pull/62
- Check build of Isabela's documentation PR

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with ðŸ™**
- There's still a documentation PR that needs review and hopefully a merge - https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/133

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here

**Important items for discussion ðŸ’¬**
- what will be our time allocation for the following week? 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 To answer

> What help do you need from me?

- @steff456 needs review on [GitHub dark PR](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes/pull/53)
- @steff456 needs review (and merge?) on [audit PR](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/133)
- @gabalafou help figuring out about the aforementioned "I had a hard time figuring out why sidebars can be tabbed when installing Jupyter Lab (v4.0.3) via Conda but not when building source from latest main branch." (optional).
- @isabela-pf doesn't need anything at the moment because she needs to reply to some existing review.

For 

> How are we doing for deliverables?

We feel like most of the answers are in the updates. Tasks are still moving rather than blocked. I feel like all the things I'm seeing in the to do section of the project board has been there for a bit, and they are not ones we've recently discussed. This makes me think everything we have discussed for the end of grant is at least in progress. 

Is that a helpful answer? 
 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/228>

