# Weekly update for: 25-07-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- #146. First round of user testing updates and outreach prep continues. This is almost good to go; we are waiting on other logistics blocking. ([See meeting notes.](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/pull/3)
- Added issues for STScI work I am aware of (per request). Need this to be confirmed or added to by Tony as well; I only know my part of the work.#143,  #146,  #147, #148. 
- Onboard meeting with Stephannie. We covered the grant, what I am currently working on, and our basic workflow.
- #133. Theme status. I have yet to make significant progress on it from last week to this week. Right now we still have [the draft PR](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/accessibility/pull/9) and notes on the status of non-color theme attributes. Next steps are to turn those statuses into a list/mockups of UI changes for development so I can start on the slower task of color.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't know right now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here next week.

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Tony posted a plan for onboarding in the channel. That seems important to discuss to me. 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- @trallard for stepping in and capping my website hours to 8 hours per week.

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I worked towards moving our testing code out of jupyter/accessibility repo and into its own repo, via two PRs:
  `-` jupyter/accessibility#104 
  `+` Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-testing#1
- I worked on getting things ready for our intern, Kulsoom, who started today (July 21)! In addition to reading the material that Melissa and Tania put together, I prepared two documents:
  - [First call agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mwwqAXtDpsfWsfuOrh0HhKXqz-LtDnVWcCggBvDWeWQ/edit)
  - [Timeline and deadlines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19OsbMKJgw0Ndc0sXmVBEvHRRVe4vVlqMBcVq_plIHhI/edit)
- Scheduled and planned [onboarding with Stephannie](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13db2rHpYEf3Oiiq1XJd6s3Pi6Kmi4I6e2zeDVuntPRY/edit) for Friday.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- Does any time I spend with the intern fall under Jupyter CZI grant time-tracking bucket? If not, then how much time am I allowed to spend doing internship-related work? Seems like there's potential for ambiguity if, for example, I'm pair programming with Kulsoom to solve, for example, the 400% zoom issue in JupyterLab.

**My availability for next week**
- Here!

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I'm back from Mordor! What are we doing now? 😭😅
- Where should our intern, Kulsoom's documents live? Right now, using Google Docs.
- Can I review Kulsoom's timeline with you all? Both for a soundness check and also to see where it converges, diverges with our own plans for the upcoming 6 weeks.
 
---

- **@trallard** 

 - @Quansight-Labs/czi-a11y-grant here to read the intern plan https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/internship-2022/issues/5
- @Quansight-Labs/czi-a11y-grant  to read @tonyfast  proposal for the upcoming weeks
-  
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/145>

