# Weekly update for: 25-11-2021

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- Isabela and Tony for their impromptu show and tell at our team check-in. Loved getting teasers about the Paris commune, design work in union organizing, and such.
- Also, thanks to Isabela and Tony for following up with me after the JupyterLab calls on Wednesday

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Since our check-in, I switched gears to work on Qhub stuff, so I don't have a lot for this update. I'll be spending the remaining two work days this week on https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/4 and https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/51
- I will have a meeting with Frédéric Collonval on Friday to discuss testing

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- The amount of stuff all at the same time in Jupyter land is hard to wrap one's mind around. Isabela and Tony are doing a great job helping to orient me to this vast and complex landscape. I will need to continue to rely on them for this for a while.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be available all next week, but switching time zones! I'll be in Eastern Standard Time (UTC-5), visiting with friends for two weeks in Durham and working out of the American Underground coworking space Monday-Friday, roughly 9 to 5 Eastern! 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- Gabriel is great at giving updates. Thanks for keeping us all in the loop!
- Tony is always so willing to share knowledge, and I know that takes a lot of energy. Thank you for giving us better context for everything we work on!

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I don't have too many updates yet today. I'm planning to spend more hours on this today.
- Roadmap PR #60 still needs updates, but since I got feedback that it didn't seem well received I'm not sure what to do right now.
- [Draft announcement blog post](https://hackmd.io/Asvlu_rsTtu8eCxGB5V8nA) could use review and to move forward.
- I've reviewed [jupyterlab/jupyterlab #8832 for color contrast updates](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/8832) and am planning where the easiest PR to get this kick started again is.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I think I'm okay right now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all next week. 🍂  
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/62>

