# Weekly update for: 27-03-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@steff456** 

 **Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I opened a PR with the GSoD 2023 proposal - https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/120 and cross referenced to the original team compass issue.
- I released version 0.0.4 of accessible pygments - it is now available on pip and conda.
- I'm still figuring out the structure and installation process of a monorepo with multiple packages for the theming extension.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I'm ok

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Please review the PR of GSoD, I have to submit the form before next friday. 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
I don't have many.
- #184 I tested the testing environment and made major script updates. I do have one thing breaking when I went through the whole script on my own that I'd like to bring up with you all.
- #147 restarting on the write up for these results.
- A bit more polishing was done on the [notebook authoring checklist](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/blob/main/resources/event-hackathon/notebook-authoring-checklist.md) (I still think it is a draft, personally.). 

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't think I have anything now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week.

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Failing part of user testing script! 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Opened a testing PR for PyData Sphinx Theme: https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/pull/1260
  - Self-reviewing the PR took a long time, for example digging through the repo history to [explain a weird change](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/pull/1260#discussion_r1145079705)
  - Was also asked to help review https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/pull/1258, which also involved a lot of code archaeology

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I'm okay

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Nothing today 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 @steff456 
- @isabela-pf to review GSoD and comment on review period
- @steff456 to add the contact information and index GSoD on the site
- Everything else is good!

@gabalafou 
- Archeology time! Getting back to tab trap PR next. 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 Isabela's updates

- working with testing environment this week (going through script)
-- found something that broke*
- writing up space telescope results
- aware of more work needing to be done on user testing preparation
-- needs to do outreach stuff

*more on the something that broke: 
error copy-pasting commands from google doc of user testing script, was it a problem with the quote character? changed quotes in the doc, still got the same error. 
Live debugged: there was a typo in the filename.
Fixed! yay!


Isabela does show and tell of draft notebook authoring checklist.

We had discussion about the checklist—who is it for? would it make sense to have a reduced checklist? what about an example notebook?

Example notebook - should we budget time to create this? @trallard 

Isabela also plans to make sure the checklist lives in Jupyter spaces (such as JupyterLab docs) 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/204>

