# Weekly update for: 29-05-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌** 

Thanks to @trallard for help wrapping up testing logistics!

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**

- #184 Finishing logistics and payment.
- #147 (and also #18) [test 2 results](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/pull/56) updated with issues found during the test. I also finished writing [test 2 related issues](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22test+2%3A+content%22) finally.
- Reviewed @steff456's open PRs on jupyter/accessibility.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't have anything right now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week.

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I don't think I have anything right now. 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- @isabela-pf for timely and thoughtful encouragement
- @steff456 also for team spirit and support at JupyterCon

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
This week I worked on finishing the accessibility test I introduced at JupyterCon (focus visible):

- https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-testing/pull/33

I spent most of my time this week trying to fix focus issues in the Lumino MenuBar class (PR forthcoming)

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- A little under the weather this week, so a bit slower going than normal

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be off tomorrow / Friday! (May 26) 
---

- **@trallard** 

 @isabela-pf 
	* For the Notebook Authoring Guide - needs some work; there are improvements needed in terms of structure
	* Right now, it only seems like it will serve people proactively thinking about accessibility - since it is under "Jupyter", this would need to follow a comprehensive approach
	* Link to Space telescope checklist https://iota-school.github.io/notebooks-for-all/exports/resources/event-hackathon/notebook-authoring-checklist/ ([markdown version](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/blob/main/resources/event-hackathon/notebook-authoring-checklist.md))
	* Idea: maybe it could be reorganised around some principles
	* Idea: contextualise some of the content to make it easier to follow
	* Idea: @gabalafou could lead a sprint/breakout section at Camp Quansight to work on a notebook (or some notebooks) with some of the practices in the authoring notebooks 🎉 (some of the [NumPy tutorials are pretty well written](https://github.com/numpy/numpy-tutorials/))

--- 

@gabalafou 
	* Gabriel has been in the focus world now - as a follow-up from his presentation at JupyterCon
	* Reflections from JupyterCon - "intertwining code + narrative" is a very "academic centric" view of notebooks where a lot of folks tend to have laaaarge blocks of code instead
	* Noting that JupyterCon is not entirely representative of the whole population using notebooks 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/214>

