# Weekly update for: 30-01-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- Thanks to @steff456 for being patient with my questions!
- Thanks to @gabalafou for giving the draft user testing script a look!

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- #184 Got feedback on the draft script. I'll be moving to make it a full draft next.
- #7 Checked in with @steff456 about the status of the sidebar recommendations and next steps. We both have more of our attention elsewhere at the moment, but neither of us feel blocked for when we switch back.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't think I have anything now.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week. 

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I don't think I have anything right now. 
---

- **@steff456** 

 **Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I worked in the hamburger menu
    - I did the changes that Mike asked in the review - some of them reverted because we agreed it wasn't necessary 
- I created a PR in `accessible-pygments` to fix the bug Tania reported 

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't have permissions in `accessible-pygments` so I'm not able to do merge of my own work - I think the only person that can approve and merge is @trallard, do we want to keep that workflow?
- I already sent an email to Darian to see if he can do a review of my hamburger menu PR, I want to wait for him to see if he agrees on the architecture and structure before doing any actual tests. If he doesn't reply by tomorrow, I'll do the tests regardless next week.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I got a rejection for pyconUS talk 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- Stephannie and Isabela for helping put together the year in review for Labs all-hands
- Stephannie for filling in for me at the Labs all-hands

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Nothing new since last team update, except working on the Labs all-hands, which took place on Tuesday, January 24:
  - [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L0JrMVcIAtWW-d4mdncHmbXB9ZsPS1Q-Ttbn8YcMPYA/edit)
  - [Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lMp3I9g8-kXKJq4LC4SGJ4Q1tW5Jl2YYLS6jT4x1NR4/edit?usp=sharing)
- Have been working towards a notebook + Binder representation of [Tab roadblocks and other keyboard enemies in the notebook widget](https://hackmd.io/NXJLIPYIQBip0nwB-UDD5g#Tab-roadblocks-and-other-keyboard-enemies-in-the-notebook-widget)

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- Was fighting a cold (or covid?) at the beginning of this week

**My availability for next week**
- Here! 
---

- **@trallard** 

 @isabela-pf 
	-  will move on refining the user testing scripts
	- [ ] @trallard  to review tomorrow and add comments on the Docs
	- [ ] @trallard to create repo and requirements for testing [environment](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BGvGzpvoOk4rfZVicOfgRXyvJVN16_0pr3e6M3nTmXg/edit#) infra and docs

--- 

@steff456 
 	- improvements to `accessible-pygments`: add details on how they are accessible and link to the readme of each theme from the main `README.md`

---

@gabalafou 
	- 🤧  been sick this week (get well soon)
 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/191>

