# Weekly update for: 31-07-2023

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌** 

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**

- #184 [I replied to more review](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/JupyterLab-user-testing/pull/10). I think I've caught everything that I feel confident in fixing. There's still one comment about the questions for next time and such not following the narrative. I think the easiest solution would be to remove them outright, which I'm not against if it seems fitting. Once this has a source of truth, I can add it to jupyter/surveys.
- #178 JupyterLab 3.4.4 [accessibility statement has a PR to the JupyterLab docs](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/14856) hasn't had movement, but I brought it up in-meeting.
- #147 and #18 [Space Telescope user testing has a PR to jupyter/surveys now open](https://github.com/jupyter/surveys/pull/26).
- #147 and #18 I'm also waiting for approval to post an edited (removing personal info) version of the Space Telescope proposal on jupyter/accessibility to continue collecting references for accessibility funding. 

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I don't have anything right now. Not everything needs to be reviewed singularly by this team, so I'm open to whatever you all want to prioritize reviewing versus not.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here all week.

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Can we have a timeline/allocation check in? 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Finally added unit tests and moved this out of draft: https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/607
- My highest priorities now are (but I haven't made any progress yet):
  - Merging in focus-visible test to testing repo
  - Documentation tasks
  - Opening PRs for the remaining JupyterLab tab traps 
  - Prioritizing one or two tasks for the testing repo
 
**My availability for next week**
- I'm off Friday, July 28 and Monday, July 31.  
---

- **@trallard** 

 @isabela-pf - only remaining item is to open a PR against jupyter/surveys 
	- X-ref user testing to accessibility and survey repos 🎉 

@gabalafou 
	- focus visible PR can be merged into the jupyterlab-testing repo
	- get terminal tab trap PR sorted 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/229>

