# Weekly update for: 31-10-2022

## :singer: Individual updates

- **@isabela-pf** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- #133 following up on the other app zoom review behaviors, we have the [collaborative HackMD](https://hackmd.io/0NqTDTM3TAiMYSZnof8ZWw) we used to review earlier this week. I turned our results into a table for easy comparison. 
- #132 the [keyboard navigation event has become an issue](https://github.com/jupyter/notebook/issues/6595)! Wow! That's the first attempt done. I also have notes on some feedback to address prior to the next round.
- [accessible-pygments blog post](https://github.com/quansight/quansight-website/pull/527) with Stephannie is now in PR form.
- #146 pushed more resources for test 1's [work in progress PR](https://github.com/Iota-School/notebooks-for-all/pull/26). I still need to do the synthesis work. I also made a tiny amount of progress starting the test 2 script.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I'm surviving.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be out on October 31 and November 4. 🎃 

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I don't think I have anything right now. I'm still trying to get feedback on zoom for JupyterLab, but I'm not sure how we call that done. 
---

- **@steff456** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- @isabela-pf for addressing the comments of the blog post

**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- I added two new themes for the `accessible-pygments` package - https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/accessible-pygments/pull/14
- Started investigating the status of [jupyterlab accessible themes](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyterlab-accessible-themes) repo:
    - The repo right now is very similar to the output of the jupyterlab's cookie cutter
    - The contents cannot be installable, so I'm not sure what's inside of it - all the readme instructions don't work
    - For future tasks inside the repo, I think we need to do a big cleanup and fix the repo
- Realized that `pygments` isn't used as a backend for syntax highlighting in Jupyterlab
    - Right now jupyterlab uses `marked.js` which defaults to `highlight.js`, so we are not going to be able to use the accessible pygments extension
    - There's some issues regarding how to use pygments for the **output** of the cells

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- Defining what to do with `accessible-pygments` and next steps for color issues.

**My availability for next week**
- I'll be here

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- Next steps for the theme issue,
    - Do we want Jupyter themes with the colors of the themes available in `accessible-pygments`? 
---

- **@gabalafou** 

 **Thanks I'd like to give 🙌**
- @kulsoomzahra for putting in a lot of effort on the blog post!
- @isabela-pf for helping me on the internship blog post
 
**Updates from last week :heavy_check_mark:**
- Helped Kulsoom finish blog post
- https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-testing/pull/25 - created PR of my testing work from the past two weeks
- Working on fixing keyboard navigation issues in JupyterLab. Right now, I'm focussing on focus indicators.

**Challenges I faced and things I'd like assistance with 🙏**
- I had a hard time figuring out what to do with the internship blog post, but @isabela-pf helped me out.
- I need to do contrast ratio checking in the Playwright tests but I'm not sure what library or algorithm to use. 

**My availability for next week**
- Here all week!

**Important items for discussion 💬**
- I'm not sure how I should stage and sequence my work on keyboard navigability. There are a lot of small changes I want to make. Each small change should be its own PR, but they should probably all ship together to avoid UX churn. For example, one of the changes I want to make is to put a visible focus indicator around each UI element that can receive focus. This would result in visible focus rings around the file names in the file browser. However, in another PR, I want to remove the files from the tab index. I don't want each individual file to be navigable by the tab key; rather, the user should tab into the file list and then use the up/down arrow keys to select individual files.
- I have questions about color contrast and the [new WCAG 2.2 guidelines for the focus indicator](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/focus-appearance-minimum)
 
---

- **@isabela-pf** 

 Follow up notes:

- Stephannie: has ideas of how to move forward with accessible-pygments, but needs to see if they are aligned with Tania's plans. They have time scheduled for this.
- Gabriel asking for some review on https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-testing/pull/25
     - Isabela to review contents of `test-info-pages`
     - Stephannie to review anything! 
---


:link: See the original issue at: <https://api.github.com/repos/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/165>

